Update Stores FAQ (#617)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Stores.md

## Can I delete invoices from BTCPay?

> Invoices in BTCPay Server can't be deleted, but can be archived. Archiving an invoice removes it from the `Invoices` page. To archive an invoice, on the invoice you would like to archive, click the `Archive` button in top right corner. An invoice can be unarchived by clicking the same button afterwards.

Reviewer: Tried to limit the number of "invoice" and "archive" recurrences in the § + adds spacing + rewording "restored" instead of "unarchived".

```suggestion
Invoices in BTCPay Server can't be deleted, but can be archived. 
To archive an invoice, select the one you would like to archive, click the `Archive` button in top right corner. 
This action removes it from the `Invoices` page.

An invoice can be restored by clicking the `Archived` button.
```
